Draft docs for using let's encrypt with pomerium and dex (#47)
banzaicloud/one-eye-docs: docs/authentication/letsencrypt/index.md

---
title: Use Let's Encrypt
weight: 400
---

To use certificates issued by Let's Encrypt on the One Eye login page, complete the following steps.

1. Create a ClusterIssuer yaml file for cert-manager and edit it to suit your environment. One Eye will use this to issue certificates to Pomerium and Dex.
    1. Download the following sample ClusterIssuer custom resource and replace the name of the issuer and the administrator email address with valid values.

        {{< include-code "clusterissuer.yaml" "yaml" >}}

    1. Apply the ClusterIssuer:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f <clusterissuer.yaml>
        ```

    1. Check that it was created successfully.

        ```bash
        kubectl get clusterissuers.cert-manager.io
        ```

> 1. Edit the Observer custom resource of One Eye, set the **observer.spec.certmanager.issuer** field to the name of the ClusterIssuer, then apply your changes. On the running One Eye cluster, you can do that by running ```kubectl edit observer```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the Observer custom resource of One Eye, set the **observer.spec.certmanager.issuer** field to the name of the ClusterIssuer.
```

    ```yaml
    spec:
      authorization: {}
      certmanager:
        certManagerOperatorChart: {}
        enabled: true
        namepace: cert-manager
        issuer: <name-of-the-clusterissuer>

>     ```

Reviewer: let's make this consistent with the previous examples
```suggestion
    ```bash
    kubectl patch observer one-eye --type merge -p "
    spec:
      certmanager:
        enabled: true
        namepace: cert-manager
        issuer: <name-of-the-clusterissuer>"
    ```
```

> 1. Delete the old Pomerium secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the old Pomerium secret and the certificate as well if you previously configured cert manager with the default issuer.
```

    ```bash

>     kubectl delete secret one-eye-pomerium-secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl delete certificate one-eye-pomerium-ingress
    kubectl delete secret one-eye-pomerium-ingress
```

    ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Rerun the reconciler to apply the changes and create the new certificate resource.

    ```bash
    one-eye observer reconcile
    ```

```

1. Wait until cert-manager creates a new secret for Pomerium that uses a Let's Encrypt certificate.

    ```bash

>     kubectl get certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl get certificate one-eye-pomerium-ingress
```

    ```

>     In the output, the READY field of ```one-eye-pomerium-ingress``` should be true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the output, the READY field should be true.
```

1. Run the following command:

    ```bash
    one-eye pomerium install --update
    ```

>     Wait until the reconciling is finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
